hello all my friends my name
Sergei
they continue to do mod reviews for
skyrim and today we have a very strange
episode because today we are whole
the castle on the tree is he in the river
will be so find you will be it
pretty simple but first of all I
I would like to notice to begin with the river myself
and as you can see it has become much greener
or is it from my plugin for this plugin
for nature i honestly don't know myself
but I'm sitting on the packages nature so
I don't guarantee him that it is from
this house however does not seem
the plot of it in any with accounting here such
trees and instead of some house by
my so instead of some house here
just such a healthy tree which
holds a whole lock
the house is so small little
tree house there hut as usual
children build very small
generally small anyway let's
let's go and see what we put pressure on
tree
we keep looking to review
modifications that are added at home
because how long ago it was not
Well, that is, it was recently quite but
it is here in general that global
meaning they were not very long ago probably
somewhere with summer and so now we
visit the fired
squander here a little
again because of the size of this tree
It seems to me dimensional like that lock and
top or
squander fps very much on principle
like any own so all
tree house looks like that what why
why why why am I through through through
locks and open tree houses why
someone will tell me understandable or
incomprehensible and this type of fast system
move what oh wah god who is up
guessed it
Well, actually, that's all like it steals
I think this is hundreds not not about
textured and they are so painted yes
they are here painted and there is some kind of lie and
teleported well who are here street
pretty posta Pak Pak telescope
and that something that can move and still
that we also have at the helm
guard ok let's assume you follow don
not bad at first glance
besides this here from the couch you even what
brian is a past fashion so don't
wonder why this is not if not
know what congregation are watching past 15
greedily so we have something but in
any case where a house on the house itself
somewhere there and do it this here
This is all I am in this very
disappointed to be honest and the mod will be released
really so so wear it really all
but i repeat i'm very disappointed mod
done pretty much like that for sure
not very neatly very stupid
I think it is unlikely to be something good they
look let's go ahead and wait a minute
do just what what what what what
what is it like this happened
why did this happen nafig
okay
may Lithuanians fight forgive me but I don’t
I can generally be honest in today's
fashion pretty disappointed and you
see for yourself why neither nor neither
neither neither nor neither nor neither nor neither
I have dear friends not ours
misunderstandings it turns out they are just
here some with tambourines some
be like and then you will go exactly where
you need that is exactly to the house itself
that's all right here there is a house waiting await
guys and with whose golden ahl and 4 in any
case trashy all anyway like this
thats all really pour out on the very
in fact everything is fine here except these fucking
nippon support is still not about
textured and taking into account too that there is no
everything is so painted to be individual
we have and not about me textured to
house we estimate the names of the house inside by
the merits I initially want to evaluate
house and we'll see how it
evaluate well actually this here
values ​​equals the other side this
I really need to find everything for her
search by skyrim
decoration decoration but house look plates
the dog woke up
A bit inside looks even very good
I liked this here so much
all the flour looks for randy and it's important
even you have a pretty good pretty good
you gave
I am a question what the villains and he took
ok fireplace
In principle, how to say something bills something
then there is the most common house added
House Sochi Looks All Well, Pretty Pretty
standard so they said you
worth swing in general we look not
bad house so from the tree house itself
liked it download but I have everything
time was a review on a more cool little house on
tree and here it was really what a house
the alchemist fell called it was real
very beautiful and this but looked up
looked generally I hope you
I liked it though I think that it is here
something like pisarro sits in Sochi
let's complete this type of review
chest of drawers and gifted always come here again
not a masterpiece to review in general
subscribe put likes like
commentary see previous issues
wait for the next all the best
new meetings